# Extracted Text from: 20251201_192328.jpg


בב ב ב ב נ נ נ ת ת ת
[ [ [ ] D 2 J JI
Fatair
Ingredients for the dough:
2.5 cups (350 grams) of flour (white, spelt, whole wheat etc. It is recommended to add at
least a third of the amount to some kind of wholemeal flour)
1 flat teaspoon (2 grams) dry yeast
1 tablespoon of sugar
2/3 cup (180 ml) water
1/3 cup (80 ml) olive oil + 1 tablespoon as needed
Teaspoon of salt
Ingredients for filling:
1 large onion, finely chopped
ב
2 bunches of chopped winter leaves such as: Turkish spinach, hoviza, wild beets
Half a cup of fresh thyme leaves
Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste
2 tablespoons of sumac
1/4 cup pine nuts
1/4 cup of feta (not mandatory but may be upgraded, for the rest per person I would prepare without to make it vegan)
• Olive oil for frying the filling and anointing the pastries
Method for dough:
Put flour, yeast and sugar in a wide bowl and mix. Add water, olive oil and salt and knead for a few minutes until a smooth and flexible dough is formed. If the dough is too sticky, add a little more flour, but you should try to knead it a little more first or add a tablespoon of olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel and leave at room temperature for about 45 minutes.
Method for filling:
Heat a little olive oil in a wide and slightly deep pan and add the chopped onion. fry until golden. Add zaatar leaves, chopped winter leaves, salt and pepper, mix lightly and continue steaming until the leaves lose their volume. Turn off the fire. Generously add sumac, pine nuts, if you also roast feta and mix.
Heat the oven to 220C degrees.