# Extracted Text from: 20251201_192306.jpg


Ingredients for bread:
Jerusalem bagels
Yield: 10 large bagels
500 grams of flour (it's best to mix different flours, use at least half white wheat flour, the
rest can be spelt 80%, rye, whole whatever)
A tablespoon of dry yeast (11 grams)
2 tablespoons of sugar
A flat spoon of salt
130 grams of yogurt
200 ml lukewarm water + 3 tbsp
Ingredients for the coating:
Sesame, ketzach, flax seeds, sunflower/pumpkin seeds whatever you want Olive oil
Salt
*For a vegan option - instead of the yogurt, add 50 ml of water, and four tablespoons of olive oil
Method:
In a large bowl, mix all the dry ingredients. In another bowl, mix the yeast with the sugar and water until small bubbles appear. Pour the water and yogurt in a gentle trickle into the dry bowl. Mix and knead until a flexible and pleasant dough is obtained. Let it rise for about an hour, an hour and a half.
After it has risen, immediately heat the oven to 220 degrees celsius (this requires about half an hour of heating the oven before putting in the bagels)
Making the bagel: We will flour a surface, roll the pleasant dough a little and divide the dough into 10 more or less equal parts.
We will turn our balls into snakes. We will dip them in a pan with water for a short immersion of a second or two and from there we will throw them in a bath of sesame and other seeds, we will place them on a tray with baking paper. Drizzle a little olive oil and sprinkle some salt.
Put in the oven, about 15 minutes varies from oven to oven, so it's worth checking.
As it comes out of the oven, spread a little olive oil on top.
Fun with tahini and pepper spread (recipe below)