# Extracted Text from: 20251201_192422.jpg


The Great Potato Mash (by George)
*Disclaimer, I did not use a recipe for these potatoes, this is an approximate facsimile, just like how all George Recipes come to be. Cater to you and your audience, but most importantly, your tongue and intuition is your guiding light: do not stray from what calls you and shuns you away.
Ingredients:
Method:
A bag of Potatoes (~10-15 medium spuds)
400-500g White Cheese (or sour cream) (To taste and liking)
4 Stalks of Green Onions (more or less to liking)
6-8 tbs butter
3/4-1 cup milk
Salt (Generous/To Taste)
Pepper (Generous/To Taste)
1 head of garlic (more or less depending on garlic tendencies and fear)
Wash and cut off eyes and blemishes from potatoes. Peel and separate cloves of garlic. Chop potatoes into chunks, with the skin on. Add garlic and potato chunks to a large pot. Cover with hot water, adding a generous handful of salt, and boil until a fork slides into the chunks or potatoes with ease.
Chop green onion stalks into thin rings or to your liking. Reserve for later
In a small pot, add butter, milk, salt, and pepper. Stir on medium-low heat until butter is melted and ingredients are combined.
Drain water and mash all together until liking or smooth, in the same pot as boiled. Slowly add the white cheese, making sure it is well incorporated as you mix. Do the same with the butter and milk mixture. This step is very customizable, so you can add whatever you think will taste good.
Fold in the reserved chopped green onions
Serve with your favorite gravy, or the Onion Gravy
* For Laudae and Reuben's The True British version: add one whole raw potato, attempt to mash and fail miserably. Do not consume. Please. ("No one will notice, potatoes don't even need cooking")