# Extracted Text from: 20251201_192346.jpg


Method:
In a bowl, mix the orange, black and green lentils with the rice, wash several times in cold water, and soak in cold water for about half an hour, the lentils and rice will double their volume.
In a flat and wide pot, spread olive oil over the entire base of the pot and arrange the cute tomatoes nicely.
Next we spread the onions (half circles) nicely over the tomatoes, sprinkle salt and pepper, sprinkle a spoonful of brown sugar and a little thyme
We will cut the eggplants in half and leave the choopchik, with a sharp knife we will mark where we are going to dig and then we will dig with a spoon.
Prepare the delicious filling, fry the onions in a large pan for about 8 minutes, drain the lentils and rice from the water and add to the frying,
Add the spices, cumin, coriander, paprika, cinnamon, brown sugar, nutmeg, salt, pepper, Add the tomato cubes and the herbs and finally half a clove of crushed garlic,
Fry and mix, taste and fix seasoning, if necessary. A squeeze of half a lemon - that's it, our filling is ready.
Fill the bellies of the eggplants, place them nicely on our layer of cherry tomatoes, Pour over the sauce: the olive oil with the lemon and the water that will only reach the middle of the eggplant, so that it does not cover it (can change according to your pot, add water if necessary).
If there is any filling left, fill with peppers and other vegetables
We will put our covered pot on a stove with a high flame, when it boils, reduce to a low heat for about 40 minutes.
Put the covered pot in the oven, 180 degrees Celsius, for about an hour and a half, if there is no water, add water again up to the middle of the eggplants before putting in the
oven.
After about an hour, an hour and a half, take of the lid and and let the vegetables tan
(SEE: heat stroke) for about fifteen minutes at the highest oven temperature.